Warning includes: dirty talk, slight degradation, praise, fingering, oral sex, mating press, overstimulation, blowjob, breeding, unprotected sex

Summary: You just finished the interview as Anya's new mother. And the sexual tension between Loid and yourself had become too much to ignore.

Story starts now ⬇⬇⬇

Loid pushed you down onto the bed roughly. He was too caught up in the moment to give two fucks about how rough he was being. But going by the way your eyes shine with lust, it seems that you don't mind either.

You watched with bated breath as he frantically unbuttoned his shirt and loosened his tie, throwing off any clothes he had concealing his body. You licked your lips at the sight of his ripped abdomen and the smooth skin of his cock which stood tall, tip flushed. He bent down, quickly smashing his already puffy lips against your own, his tongue licking across your lip and entering your mouth to intertwine his warm muscle with your own. As he kept his mouth entertained he ripped the clothes off your body, turning anything you had on to shreds, and successfully making you whine.

"Oh don't complain, I'll pay you back for whatever I destroy," he chuckled darkly, his kisses trailing down your neck leaving a path of flames in their wake. He kissed down your body, leaving dark hickeys and small bruises with his lips.

He separated your legs roughly, holding them apart so you wouldn't close them. He nearly salivated at the prize between your legs. Your cunt was sopping wet, gushing fluids so much he thought you had become a waterfall. He ghosted his finger on your cunt, watching your walls flutter on air. He took a look at his damp finger, grinning darkly," You're such a little whore, look at that! Soaking wet and I haven't even done anything to you," he spat. You moaned, writhing in your place when he slapped your cunt harshly.

He played with your clit a little before drawing gentle circles with his fingers on your entrance. You rut your hips downwards, trying to somehow get his fingers inside of you. He watched you with a cold gaze, sharp blue eyes taking in your lewd form. " What's your role?" he asked you, slapping your cunt.

1

You mewled, struggling to get any words out due to the onslaught of pleasure brought down onto your fragile body. " A-Anya's mommy!" you wailed when he slapped your cunt repeatedly, your walls clenching down on nothing.

He smirked," Good girl," the man spoke, shoving his fingers inside you, your juices making an obscene squelch. Your mouth parted in a silent scream, your body overloading, your eyes rolling back as you came on his fingers.

The spy raised an eyebrow," Wow, I only put my fingers in and you already came? Well, I'm not satisfied," he sneered devilishly, moving his fingers in and out at a fast pace.

You sobbed and hiccuped, the overstimulation you were experiencing causing a delicious burn to build up in your body. His fingers made wet sloshing noises when they entered your pussy, you were so wet, too wet.

3

It wasn't long before he drove you to orgasm after orgasm, watching you struggle to breathe. Your cum leaked from your tight little hole, creating a sticky puddle on the sheets. Loid scoffed when he saw it, forcing your trembling body to sit up straight. He pointed down at the pool of cum seeping into the sheets.

"You see that mess you made? I want you to clean it up, with your mouth. Now," he ordered sternly, watching as you leaned down-licking your fluids off the bed as best you could. He smiled in satisfaction when he saw you cleaned it up.

The spy grabbed your cheeks smushing them together," That's a good girl~ Now you want your reward right?" he asked you. You nodded furiously, tongue sticking out past your puffy lips. He cooed at you picking you up and setting you down on the floor. He took a seat on the bed, making himself comfortable.

"As a reward for cleaning up your mess, you get to suck on my cock," he spoke, watching as you gave his slit little kitten licks. He became aggravated at your slow movements, your body still being weak from overstimulation. He took your hair, shoving his cock down your throat. He groaned at the tight squeeze you had on him. He wasn't merciful at all, he used your hair like a leash, bobbing your head on his lengthy cock.

A groan escaped his lips," That's a g-good girl," he praised, his dick twitching at the sight of your drooling mouth wrapped around him. You lifted a shaky hand, fondling his balls in your soft palms. He exhaled a shaky breath at all of the sensations hitting him at once. Loids moans and groans filled the room as you dragged your tongue along the bottom of his cock.

He was so incredibly close, and even though it pained him to do so, he took himself from your warm mouth. You glanced at him in confusion, tilting your head," Why'd you-" he cut you off," Because I'm only cumming in one place," he told you mischievously.

He grabbed your fragile and vulnerable body, throwing you back onto the mattress. The blonde crawled towards you, lifting your legs with his strong hands. You could feel his stare burning into your pussy, and he grinned like a child in a candy shop when he saw how you were still dripping wet.

He pushed you into a mating press, using one hand to hold your legs against your chest and the other to push the tip of his cock into your entrance. You squealed at the immediate stretch, moaning into the open air.

"What's my name?" he inquired, holding himself by the base and rubbing his fat cock-head on your entrance. You babbled, trying to find the words in your scrambled brain," D-Daddy" you mewled at him sweetly.

He nodded, pushing all the way in and grunting at your walls that squeezed and sucked him in. He panted like a dog in heat, lazily thrusting into your sopping cunt. You choked on air, your nails scraping at the sheets to ground yourself.

"Oh, such a good mommy! S'good, so tight" he slurred, starting to thrust faster. You whimpered, trying to move your hips to no avail as he pressed your legs back so far that your knees were by your ears.

You could feel every vein of his cock as he rutted his hips into you, balls clapping against your ass with each thrust. He made sure to let you feel every vein or crease in his cock, pushing against all the right spots that made you sob.

He bent down to your ear, biting on the shell," You know what would make our new family even more believable?" he rasped, watching for a reaction. You shook your head, eyes rolling back when he hit a certain spot in your gummy insides. "If I filled you full of my cum and stuffed a baby in your belly. We'll give Anya a lil' sibling," he decided, his once lazy thrusts picking up in speed and force.

"F-Fuck, fuck, fuck Loid!" you cursed, crying out his name like a prayer to your God; Loid Forger. Loid nuzzled his face in the crook of your neck, nibbling and licking.

"M-More! Please" you begged, clawing at his back creating red welts along his skin. He bit down hard on the skin of your neck," Want more little slut? I'll give you more till you beg me to stop!" he growled, ramming into you like an animal.

You screamed, eyes rolling and tongue lolling out, drool seeping from the corners of your mouth. You could feel the knot in your stomach tightening and with one hard thrust, that you were sure had bruised your cervix, you came hard on his cock, milking yourself.

Loid's hips stuttered against your own, his cock twitching inside of you. Before you even knew what was happening, Loid spilled thick ribbons of cum right into your womb.

The spy slowly slid out, seeing your eyes close and your breathing steady. You were literally fucked to sleep.

5

You've reached the end of published parts.

Add this story to your Library to get notified about new parts!

Continue to next part



